Fix Firewalld bypass (#156)
PrivSec-dev/privsec.dev: content/posts/linux/Desktop Linux Hardening.md

firewall-cmd --set-default-zone=drop
firewall-cmd --add-protocol=ipv6-icmp --permanent
firewall-cmd --add-service=dhcpv6-client --permanent
firewall-cmd --reload
```

> On some distributions, `--set-default-zone` might be whitelisted by default which leads to bypasses. To disable this, turn on lockdown mode for `firewalld`:
> 
> ```
> sudo firewall-cmd --lockdown-on
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On some distributions, it may be possible for unauthorized users or applications to make firewall changes through polkit. To disable this, enable firewalld _lockdown mode_ with `sudo firewall-cmd --lockdown-on`.
```
